{\rtf \tx504 \li504 \fi-504 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 [1]\tab I. Kabanov, \uc0\u171{}\uc0\u160{}51 attacks and 60 defenses from 128 papers: the AI agent security map\uc0\u160{}\uc0\u187{}, The Weather Report. Consult\uc0\u233{} le: 8 juin 2026. [En ligne]. Disponible sur: https://theweatherreport.ai/posts/agentic-ai-attack-defense/
\
[2]\tab Owaspg. Editor, \uc0\u171{}\uc0\u160{}Agentic AI - Threats and Mitigations\uc0\u160{}\uc0\u187{}, OWASP Gen AI Security Project. Consult\uc0\u233{} le: 8 juin 2026. [En ligne]. Disponible sur: https://genai.owasp.org/resource/agentic-ai-threats-and-mitigations/
\
[3]\tab \uc0\u171{}\uc0\u160{}Agentic AI Security: A Guide to Threats, Risks & Best Practices 2025\uc0\u160{}\uc0\u187{}, Rippling. Consult\uc0\u233{} le: 8 juin 2026. [En ligne]. Disponible sur: https://www.rippling.com/fr-FR/blog/agentic-ai-security
\
[4]\tab \uc0\u171{}\uc0\u160{}Agentic-AI-Top10-Vulnerability/agent-hallucination-04.md at main \uc0\u183{} precize/Agentic-AI-Top10-Vulnerability\uc0\u160{}\uc0\u187{}, GitHub. Consult\uc0\u233{} le: 8 juin 2026. [En ligne]. Disponible sur: https://github.com/precize/Agentic-AI-Top10-Vulnerability/blob/main/agent-hallucination-04.md
\
[5]\tab E. Tabassi, \uc0\u171{}\uc0\u160{}Artificial Intelligence Risk Management Framework (AI RMF 1.0)\uc0\u160{}\uc0\u187{}, National Institute of Standards and Technology (U.S.), Gaithersburg, MD, NIST AI 100-1, janv. 2023. doi: 10.6028/NIST.AI.100-1.
\
[6]\tab F. Pragma, \uc0\u171{}\uc0\u160{}Awesome AI Security | Curated Learning Path for Prompt Injection, Adversarial ML, and AI Red Teaming\uc0\u160{}\uc0\u187{}, Floating Pragma. Consult\uc0\u233{} le: 8 juin 2026. [En ligne]. Disponible sur: https://floatingpragma.io/awesome-ai-security/
\
[7]\tab diggoliath, \uc0\u171{}\uc0\u160{}Cascading Hallucinations and the Hidden Security Risks of Agentic AI\uc0\u160{}\uc0\u187{}, Digital Goliath Marketing. Consult\uc0\u233{} le: 8 juin 2026. [En ligne]. Disponible sur: https://goliathmarketing.co/cascading-hallucinations-security-risks-agentic-ai/
\
[8]\tab H. Kwon et W. Pak, \uc0\u171{}\uc0\u160{}Defending Against Prompt Injection Attacks Using Automatic System Prompt Engineering\uc0\u160{}\uc0\u187{}, in {\i{}2026 International Conference on Artificial Intelligence in Information and Communication (ICAIIC)}, f\uc0\u233{}vr. 2026, p. 1200\uc0\u8209{}1203. doi: 10.1109/ICAIIC68212.2026.11454261.
\
[9]\tab L. Aminou, A. Daaif, M. Soulami, et M. Youssfi, \uc0\u171{}\uc0\u160{}\uc0\u8217{}Ignore All and Accept My Resume\uc0\u8217{}: The Impact of Prompt Injection in Automatic Resume Screening\uc0\u160{}\uc0\u187{}, in {\i{}2025 5th International Conference on Innovative Research in Applied Science, Engineering and Technology (IRASET)}, mai 2025, p. 1\uc0\u8209{}5. doi: 10.1109/IRASET64571.2025.11008146.
\
[10]\tab S. Dong {\i{}et al.}, \uc0\u171{}\uc0\u160{}Memory Injection Attacks on LLM Agents via Query-Only Interaction\uc0\u160{}\uc0\u187{}.
\
[11]\tab Owaspg. Editor, \uc0\u171{}\uc0\u160{}OWASP Top 10 for Agentic Applications for 2026\uc0\u160{}\uc0\u187{}, OWASP Gen AI Security Project. Consult\uc0\u233{} le: 8 juin 2026. [En ligne]. Disponible sur: https://genai.owasp.org/resource/owasp-top-10-for-agentic-applications-for-2026/
\
[12]\tab \uc0\u171{}\uc0\u160{}Package Hallucination: Impacts, and Mitigation | When AI Creates Phantom Packages\uc0\u160{}\uc0\u187{}, Snyk. Consult\uc0\u233{} le: 8 juin 2026. [En ligne]. Disponible sur: https://snyk.io/fr/articles/package-hallucinations/
\
[13]\tab S. Watts, \uc0\u171{}\uc0\u160{}Prompt Injection & the Rise of Prompt Attacks: All You Need to Know | Lakera \uc0\u8211{} Protecting AI teams that disrupt the world.\uc0\u160{}\uc0\u187{}, lakera.ai. Consult\uc0\u233{} le: 8 juin 2026. [En ligne]. Disponible sur: https://www.lakera.ai/blog/guide-to-prompt-injection
\
[14]\tab D. Gosmar, D. A. Dahl, et D. Gosmar, \uc0\u171{}\uc0\u160{}Prompt Injection Detection and Mitigation with AI Multiagent NLP-based Agentic Frameworks\uc0\u160{}\uc0\u187{}, in {\i{}2025 3rd International Conference on Foundation and Large Language Models (FLLM)}, nov. 2025, p. 923\uc0\u8209{}930. doi: 10.1109/FLLM67465.2025.11391215.
\
[15]\tab R. Ruparel, A. Jatavallabha, et S. Maringanti, \uc0\u171{}\uc0\u160{}Prompting for LLM Security and RAG: A Survey from Zero-Shot to Automatic Prompt Optimization (APO) and Prompt-Injection Defenses\uc0\u160{}\uc0\u187{}, in {\i{}2026 IEEE 5th International Conference on AI in Cybersecurity (ICAIC)}, f\uc0\u233{}vr. 2026, p. 1\uc0\u8209{}6. doi: 10.1109/ICAIC67076.2026.11395889.
\
[16]\tab \uc0\u171{}\uc0\u160{}Secure Agentic AI Frameworks | Open Security Architecture\uc0\u160{}\uc0\u187{}. Consult\uc0\u233{} le: 8 juin 2026. [En ligne]. Disponible sur: https://www.opensecurityarchitecture.org/patterns/sp-047/
\
[17]\tab S. Arora et J. Hastings, \uc0\u171{}\uc0\u160{}Securing Agentic AI Systems - A Multilayer Security Framework\uc0\u160{}\uc0\u187{}, in {\i{}2025 5th International Conference on Robotics, Automation, and Artificial Intelligence (RAAI)}, d\uc0\u233{}c. 2025, p. 509\uc0\u8209{}514. doi: 10.1109/RAAI67517.2025.11423374.
\
[18]\tab B. Metin, H. S. Karaca, F. Iradat, et M. Wynn, \uc0\u171{}\uc0\u160{}Securing Agentic AI with the NIST Cybersecurity Framework 2.0\uc0\u160{}\uc0\u187{}, in {\i{}2025 16th International Conference on Electrical and Electronics Engineering (ELECO)}, nov. 2025, p. 1\uc0\u8209{}5. doi: 10.1109/ELECO69582.2025.11329370.
\
[19]\tab Owaspg. Editor, \uc0\u171{}\uc0\u160{}State of Agentic AI Security and Governance 2.01\uc0\u160{}\uc0\u187{}, OWASP Gen AI Security Project. Consult\uc0\u233{} le: 8 juin 2026. [En ligne]. Disponible sur: https://genai.owasp.org/resource/state-of-agentic-ai-security-and-governance/
\
[20]\tab O. Brodt, E. Feldman, B. Schneier, et B. Nassi, \uc0\u171{}\uc0\u160{}The Promptware Kill Chain: How Prompt Injections Gradually Evolved Into a Multistep Malware Delivery Mechanism\uc0\u160{}\uc0\u187{}, 10 f\uc0\u233{}vrier 2026, {\i{}arXiv}: arXiv:2601.09625. doi: 10.48550/arXiv.2601.09625.
\
[21]\tab \uc0\u171{}\uc0\u160{}TryHackMe | Cyber Security Training\uc0\u160{}\uc0\u187{}, TryHackMe. Consult\uc0\u233{} le: 8 juin 2026. [En ligne]. Disponible sur: https://tryhackme.com/
\
}