{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl480 \slmult1 \sa0 {\i{}Agentic AI Security\uc0\u8239{}: A Guide to Threats, Risks & Best Practices 2025}. (s.\uc0\u160{}d.). Rippling. Consult\uc0\u233{} 8 juin 2026, \uc0\u224{} l\uc0\u8217{}adresse https://www.rippling.com/fr-FR/blog/agentic-ai-security\
{\i{}Agentic-AI-Top10-Vulnerability/agent-hallucination-04.md at main \uc0\u183{} precize/Agentic-AI-Top10-Vulnerability}. (s.\uc0\u160{}d.). GitHub. Consult\uc0\u233{} 8 juin 2026, \uc0\u224{} l\uc0\u8217{}adresse https://github.com/precize/Agentic-AI-Top10-Vulnerability/blob/main/agent-hallucination-04.md\
Aminou, L., Daaif, A., Soulami, M., & Youssfi, M. (2025). \uc0\u8217{}Ignore All and Accept My Resume\uc0\u8217{}\uc0\u8239{}: The Impact of Prompt Injection in Automatic Resume Screening. {\i{}2025 5th International Conference on Innovative Research in Applied Science, Engineering and Technology (IRASET)}, 1\uc0\u8209{}5. https://doi.org/10.1109/IRASET64571.2025.11008146\
Arora, S., & Hastings, J. (2025). Securing Agentic AI Systems\uc0\u8212{}A Multilayer Security Framework. {\i{}2025 5th International Conference on Robotics, Automation, and Artificial Intelligence (RAAI)}, 509\uc0\u8209{}514. https://doi.org/10.1109/RAAI67517.2025.11423374\
Brodt, O., Feldman, E., Schneier, B., & Nassi, B. (2026). {\i{}The Promptware Kill Chain\uc0\u8239{}: How Prompt Injections Gradually Evolved Into a Multistep Malware Delivery Mechanism} (arXiv:2601.09625). arXiv. https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2601.09625\
diggoliath. (2025, septembre 7). Cascading Hallucinations and the Hidden Security Risks of Agentic AI. {\i{}Digital Goliath Marketing}. https://goliathmarketing.co/cascading-hallucinations-security-risks-agentic-ai/\
Dong, S., Xu, S., He, P., Li, Y., Tang, J., Liu, T., Liu, H., & Xiang, Z. (s.\uc0\u160{}d.). {\i{}Memory Injection Attacks on LLM Agents via Query-Only Interaction}.\
Editor, Owaspg. (s.\uc0\u160{}d.-a). Agentic AI - Threats and Mitigations. {\i{}OWASP Gen AI Security Project}. Consult\uc0\u233{} 8 juin 2026, \uc0\u224{} l\uc0\u8217{}adresse https://genai.owasp.org/resource/agentic-ai-threats-and-mitigations/\
Editor, Owaspg. (s.\uc0\u160{}d.-b). OWASP Top 10 for Agentic Applications for 2026. {\i{}OWASP Gen AI Security Project}. Consult\uc0\u233{} 8 juin 2026, \uc0\u224{} l\uc0\u8217{}adresse https://genai.owasp.org/resource/owasp-top-10-for-agentic-applications-for-2026/\
Editor, Owaspg. (s.\uc0\u160{}d.-c). State of Agentic AI Security and Governance 2.01. {\i{}OWASP Gen AI Security Project}. Consult\uc0\u233{} 8 juin 2026, \uc0\u224{} l\uc0\u8217{}adresse https://genai.owasp.org/resource/state-of-agentic-ai-security-and-governance/\
Gosmar, D., Dahl, D. A., & Gosmar, D. (2025). Prompt Injection Detection and Mitigation with AI Multiagent NLP-based Agentic Frameworks. {\i{}2025 3rd International Conference on Foundation and Large Language Models (FLLM)}, 923\uc0\u8209{}930. https://doi.org/10.1109/FLLM67465.2025.11391215\
Kabanov, I. (2026, mars 14). {\i{}51 attacks and 60 defenses from 128 papers\uc0\u8239{}: The AI agent security map}. The Weather Report. https://theweatherreport.ai/posts/agentic-ai-attack-defense/\
Kwon, H., & Pak, W. (2026). Defending Against Prompt Injection Attacks Using Automatic System Prompt Engineering. {\i{}2026 International Conference on Artificial Intelligence in Information and Communication (ICAIIC)}, 1200\uc0\u8209{}1203. https://doi.org/10.1109/ICAIIC68212.2026.11454261\
Metin, B., Karaca, H. S., Iradat, F., & Wynn, M. (2025). Securing Agentic AI with the NIST Cybersecurity Framework 2.0. {\i{}2025 16th International Conference on Electrical and Electronics Engineering (ELECO)}, 1\uc0\u8209{}5. https://doi.org/10.1109/ELECO69582.2025.11329370\
{\i{}Package Hallucination\uc0\u8239{}: Impacts, and Mitigation | When AI Creates Phantom Packages}. (s.\uc0\u160{}d.). Snyk. Consult\uc0\u233{} 8 juin 2026, \uc0\u224{} l\uc0\u8217{}adresse https://snyk.io/fr/articles/package-hallucinations/\
Pragma, F. (s.\uc0\u160{}d.). {\i{}Awesome AI Security | Curated Learning Path for Prompt Injection, Adversarial ML, and AI Red Teaming}. Floating Pragma. Consult\uc0\u233{} 8 juin 2026, \uc0\u224{} l\uc0\u8217{}adresse https://floatingpragma.io/awesome-ai-security/\
Ruparel, R., Jatavallabha, A., & Maringanti, S. (2026). Prompting for LLM Security and RAG\uc0\u8239{}: A Survey from Zero-Shot to Automatic Prompt Optimization (APO) and Prompt-Injection Defenses. {\i{}2026 IEEE 5th International Conference on AI in Cybersecurity (ICAIC)}, 1\uc0\u8209{}6. https://doi.org/10.1109/ICAIC67076.2026.11395889\
{\i{}Secure Agentic AI Frameworks | Open Security Architecture}. (s.\uc0\u160{}d.). Consult\uc0\u233{} 8 juin 2026, \uc0\u224{} l\uc0\u8217{}adresse https://www.opensecurityarchitecture.org/patterns/sp-047/\
Tabassi, E. (2023). {\i{}Artificial Intelligence Risk Management Framework (AI RMF 1.0)} (NIST AI 100-1; p. NIST AI 100-1). National Institute of Standards and Technology (U.S.). https://doi.org/10.6028/NIST.AI.100-1\
{\i{}TryHackMe | Cyber Security Training}. (s.\uc0\u160{}d.). TryHackMe. Consult\uc0\u233{} 8 juin 2026, \uc0\u224{} l\uc0\u8217{}adresse https://tryhackme.com/\
Watts, S. (s.\uc0\u160{}d.). {\i{}Prompt Injection & the Rise of Prompt Attacks\uc0\u8239{}: All You Need to Know | Lakera \uc0\u8211{} Protecting AI teams that disrupt the world.} lakera.ai. Consult\uc0\u233{} 8 juin 2026, \uc0\u224{} l\uc0\u8217{}adresse https://www.lakera.ai/blog/guide-to-prompt-injection\
}